Add setting to turn off server reload and policy reload middleware for django_oso (#550)
osohq/oso: docs/using/frameworks/django.rst

        ...
    ]

By default, ``django_oso`` will consider policy files as source code and restart the
server on any changes. To prevent this, add the configuration option:
``OSO_RELOAD_SERVER = False`` to your application's ``settings.py`` file.

> An alternate approach is to use the ``ReloadPolicyMiddleware`` to reload policies
> on each request when in ``DEBUG`` mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To reload policies on each request in ``DEBUG`` mode without restarting the
server, you can use the ``ReloadPolicyMiddleware`` as a complement to the above
configuration change.
```
